very good my kids well it makes me
very sad that we have to talk about this
today but today we touched on a pretty serious subject
ballet it turns out that the
gamer youtube surely knows it and has
more than 2 million subscribers on
youtube he is quite well known in his
field
so he has been resting these last few days for
alleged abuse of a minor this that
appears as a trend like every month
a youtuber accused of the same thing will come out
and this makes me feel between pity and disgust I don't
know what's wrong with you or kid in your head I
understand I promise you I don't understand the
fact that when you are known not
because if in reality we are known
a lot of people come to you a lot of girls come to you
through md and as this guy has said
the weak flesh in the end you end up
doing something but [ __ ] something something legal I
am the first one that if I had been
single at a time I would have taken advantage of
the fame between quote marks I tell you because
this is very between food no because
we are not that famous we have
many followers and well yes we are very well
known and yes it is true that
many many women come to you I am not going to
deny it I often find myself
message  in the inbox be
careful and if I had been single
then I probably would have been some
kind of predator this is totally
clever
but of course as long as you don't have a
partner and he plays along with girls of
legal age since first of all the
fact that a guy in his twenties is
sexually attracted to a
14 year old girl kind of repulses me and this is already
very personal for each one there will be
kids who like them
younger than them and there will be people like
me who like them the same or older
personally my taste is that I am
attracted to girls older than me
normally between 30 and 40 chewing
towards 40 because both physically she
attracts me much more and mentally too I
mean before I was with my
wife I had a relationship with a girl who was
five years older than me and that was
completely impossible to the point
that there was no interesting topic of conversation
that she didn't even have
the same pace of life as me because it was a
totally different mentality
as soon as I left the house she had a
pick up time for sex same as me she didn't have
the same experience as me and it was
kind of a stick and that's it  what I tell you
except for a few exceptions
I'm generally attracted to older people but well
everyone has their fetish everyone has
their personal tastes and there may be
kids who are attracted to
much younger girls but
one thing is that you like them younger and
another thing is that you like them little because that's
very little there are a lot of people
who accuse the girl and you're
pointing at her not because she wants
attention or anything like that because what she's
doing is escrachar it
escrache no I don't know how it would be said in
this case instead of going to the police
there aren't many people who are telling her hey
why don't you go to the police instead of the
internet well in this case you're going to
allow me to explain myself but it makes
sense since we start from
the basis that in Argentina that this
youtuber and this girl are from Argentina
in Argentina the age of consent
is 13 years old which seems terrible to me
because you can't
consent to a 13 year old girl being
allowed to have sex with an adult it doesn't make
sense to me  age of
consent could be from
16 but I think that it should also
have its limits, for example in
Spain the age of consent
starts at 16 but even so I think
that the age of consent should be allowed
but from a certain age
of the other person, that is to say you would be
allowed to sleep with girls of
16 or even 15 someone of 18 or 19
years old but a man of 30 years old cannot be
allowed to sleep
with a girl of 16 nor in any case for a
guy or a girl of 30 years old the age of
consent of who you can
sleep with should not be 16 it should be
at least 18 19 and I'm already throwing it
on the low side because I'm telling you that it
seems to me that I'm disgusted in reality it's that it
seems like a dirty thing to me because I'm
telling you I really have gone out to party
with people of 20 years old and I have felt
like the father so I simply
cannot imagine in my head the idea of ​​​​being
able to have any type of
sexual relationship with a person of those ages,
much less  14 as the girl
who is reporting day but well
unfortunately we share from that
basis of the basis that no
illegality has been committed by much with eating
made the game is not to be
afraid of anything because is that has not
committed any illegality in principle
because everything has passed through
chats okay it has been all by
virtual means there has not been any type of
meeting in person and secondly
because even if there had been a
physical meeting it would not be legal
as long as it was with a
food sense there has not been forced or
forced or anything like that but of
course if we base ourselves on the
laws of each country there are countries in the
world who would take a bother but likewise there
are countries in the world where fathers have to
[ __ ] their daughters first
for
this this nonsense exists already say it
seems totally disgusting young woman of
[ __ ] great who uses her influence
to have an easier time flirting that
is obvious but churri is not with
minor it is a question that a little more than
a year and a half ago he had entered
female designers and between things that
come and things that come he ended up sending
me  putt and I like an idiot got heated although I
went at that time instead of paying for the
mambo I decided to play along there are
several points in the video of the road that
fit me okay first of all because they
focus on it as if they were accusing him
of a struggle of a rape and at
no time okay and what he says about
that between one thing and another they end up giving him
nude well I don't know what between one thing and
another I have designers and editors on
my channel and between one thing and another we don't
send clouds okay that comes from there is
a sexual connotation in your
conversations and you are a little horny
dude you like young girls don't
pull that for me it is a certain way it is a
problem okay also it should be clarified
that I have been listening to all the
conversations that the girl has published
about him yes it is true that she
also on many occasions gives rise or rather that
she is playing along he says
that he is the one who plays along and she is the one who
provokes him but from what I have
understood in all the conversations there was
where
but I think that he starts this and
he wants to sell it as if he starts it with
her and he was the one who played along  there is
an audio that has disgusted me a lot in which
he literally says that well you have to
see that it costs her a lot of
work to tell him that she is going to grab the
handle and that she is going to get hard as a
diamond of power that disgusts me to
even remember it I do not know in what
context it can be playing along with
someone telling you that they want you to get
hard as a diamond no I think
that you are the one who is
provoking that situation but in the same
way whether he or she is the one who plays along
whether he or she is the one who provokes
if you are a guy over 25 years old and you
are talking to a 14 year old the one who is
supposed to have the maturity to
control the situation is
you also there is something that
I explained on many occasions
called the power relationship and this
comes because the girl is very young and she
is talking to her favorite youtuber
no she feels inferior and she does not
want to do something that will disappoint him as if she
wants to please him to the point of
not disappointing him you are worth it it is a move
but this is true to the fact like that and it is that
here we would not only apply the
fact of  that he was quite a bit older than
her, okay because we're talking about
a decade which to me is
absolutely crazy but there's also
this power relationship because he's a
YouTuber no and he's always going to be able to
manipulate her better because if there's no
struggle here there's no rape because
we're talking about everything being
virtual but we do see
some manipulation because he's the
famous YouTuber she wants to
please him I hope you're
understanding what I mean besides
I understand in the conversations that he
plays a lot with the
girl's feelings in the sense of I feel very
lonely if I lose you at some point I don't know
what I'm going to do with my life and this
may not force her but it does
put a little pressure on her when she wants to
break up with the subject anyway I don't
see in this conversation any
intention on the part of the girl to
want to break up with the subject or that she
feels obligated okay this reminds me a
bit of focus and when he said that there was this
[ __ ] like he forced me that he fell in love
access we're talking about the girl
well she was playing along with him
quite a bit and not only following the
games but they were also
part of a kind  of a
long distance relationship and there's
one thing I'd also like to clarify
and that is that it's
not about being pedophiles and
pederasts this is something else
called ephebophilia when a person of legal
age sleeps with or has
sexual relations or performs
grooming this would be
grooming okay more or less passing around
naked photos a kind of cybersex it's not
called pedophilia pedophilia it would be if
we're talking about young children okay
children 7 8 9 years old but this
would be ephebophilia which is also illegal it would be
having sexual relations
with people well with people under
16 in Spain but with people under
13 there and the difference well
for me the difference is that a
14 year old girl is less mature and
less responsible than a 17 18 19 or
20 year old but we're not talking about
a person who is not aware of what she's
doing yes it's true that she
's much more immature and much easier
to manipulate but we're also
talking about a  girl that's good if she's
had some attention in life and
feels educated then she should know a
little about what she's exposing herself to. I think
that although this guy is giving me
a lot more with this case because
for me almost nothing justifies the fact
that you are sexually attracted to girls of
13, 14, 15 years old when
that age is worth it although I'm not legal for
me it doesn't justify it okay when I see
this guy having a fetish with girls such and
so small that they are not even
developed then it gives me a certain
repugnance it doesn't seem to me like a person who
has strange fetishes like for
example the cracker not this cracker
that turned out to get horny with
other people's feet it's that you're
going to forgive me for saying this but for me it
's not normal okay for me it's not normal I
like women fully grown
sexually for me for me a girl of
13 14 years old is fine for me that
a guy of at most 16 or throughout 17 likes her
because everything in life we ​​make some
mistake and it goes crazy to forgive well
also it's true no I don't know to
what extent no because at the end of the day it hasn't
gone any further it's not a
major thing either there hasn't been
a rape and I think that man if he
is recognizing his mistake and he is
asking for forgiveness then
we can't condemn him for life either okay I want to
make my position clear and it is that it
disgusts me very okay or I am being that
okay we can forgive him that I also don't
condemn him for life because I
believe that everyone at some point
can make a mistake and this has
n't gone any further but
and it disgusts me very much okay and I also
see a very serious error on the part of this
man the fact that instead of
apologizing and making his
audience aware that this can't happen that
this can't be he is like
justifying himself he is like saying yes it
's true I made a mistake but the girl
was as at fault as me and this is not the case
leave me you are the one responsible you
are the adult and you are the one
who is more mature to know that
what you are doing is wrong because
many times when we are 13 14 years old it
is true  what I'm
telling you is not that we're
[ __ ] well it depends some 6 but we
don't have the same awareness with
things
how many times 13 14 and 15
year old kids go around on their motorcycles doing
wheelies without a helmet jumping a
red light because they don't see the danger well
in this topic we could more or less
apply those examples that girl maybe
isn't realizing what she's
doing it's not right and now I'm going to
finish this video explaining a couple of
values ​​that I want
the people who follow me to keep in mind I know that there are
violent people who are also 13 14
15 years old and I'm going to explain some values
that I would like them to have there okay and I
think that's what
gamer should do instead of justifying themselves and saying
no because it's her fault too well
I'm less to blame than her well
more than me these are the values ​​that they
should learn to start with there's one
point and another on a personal level I
want to recommend it to everyone and that is
the fact that under no circumstances
even if it is your own partner and
you trust them you
should never send photos to anyone  naked to
the echoes just as at some point
those photos are published even if you
trust the person you
are passing the photo to and you believe that they will
never disappoint you there may come a
time in life when you have a
fight with that person and betrayal or screw
you and well screwed maybe
today they are your partner but maybe
tomorrow they are not and they use that
photo for anything maybe
you think you trust
that person and that person is in turn
basing our photos on other
whatsapp groups something that by the way here in
Spain would put you in jail or maybe
the truth does not even exist maybe you
are passing sexual photos with your
partner and you or your partner lose your cell phone
which is something that none of us are
covered for because that can happen
by accident maybe you are on the
subway a purse snatching can complicate it maybe
in a nightclub maybe in
your neighborhood you do
not lose your cell phone because you drop it
on a bench for anything you lose your
cell phone imagine that you have your
partner on your cell phone in  balls and you
lose your phone and someone finds
naked photos of your partner it would
happen it's very bad I'm totally
serious never send sexual photos
please if you want to start a family I have
resorted to many things on the
internet okay there are pages for that but
I personally recommend that you don't
do that sexual encounters that
are physical and they are also much more
pleasurable okay but well there
is always the issue of serving
yourself as I would call it not even if you are
well served I always thought that
serving yourself
is also pleasurable but there are pages for that
okay don't ask anyone for photos
please above all they are the engines of these
youtubers because they end up doing things
that in the end they are going to betray them and I am
incredible because it is that every now and
then a youtuber comes out that
someone sells him and it turns out that this
youtuber was asking for photos and such let's see these
things no [ __ ] I'm an idiot dude don't
ask I will tell you trust secrets to anyone on the
internet because sooner or later they will
sell you I see another tip and that is
when someone is selling you  the shame
that his life is [ __ ] that if
well
committing suicide more or less in other words he
needs you to be showing him lights
is not the right thing okay I don't think that
someone to not commit suicide needs
you naked so be 13 14 or
18 years old okay don't fall for those
manipulations and the truth is if
someone is telling you that they want to commit
suicide because you don't send them pnud is
that person really needs a
psychiatrist okay they don't need you that's what he
did was cut out pieces of the
conversation without context to make me
look like the biggest pervert in
history but it wasn't like that in reality
in fact I can show you some
screenshots of conversations
we had where it is clear that he
treated her like a human being and that he
really did love Italy very much and
well so there is one thing that I have to
say that has shocked me also about this
story on the part of the girl and I insist not at
all you and defending him I
caught him from the I give him a lot of Basque
although within his country it is allowed
by law it is not illegal and it is the fact
that  they apologized
to each other in their day and made peace so what's up
now that the girl is making a
funny escrache is that we had reached
a point where we had both
apologized
and she had asked me for forgiveness and in
theory everything had been settled everything was
calm and I had marked
both of us well but now suddenly she appears
again I don't know why and obviously an
underage girl accusing someone
of violin for having sent her clouds
obviously here everyone is going to
jump to her defense without listening to
the other bell I really don't
understand why this girl is not
showing her real identity she is not showing
her instagram I don't think she does it
to seek fame I don't know if there should be
some kind of resentment but
if this happened a year ago and she
had already apologized in her day what need
and now to do this we continue that she is going to
be tainted forever for the simple
fact that she is a woman but well she
does it more than a little well I think
this could be due to two causes
okay one of them could be that the girl
feels some kind of resentment towards him and
simply wants to sink the career
because this finally  and in the end for
youtubers it's really hard because we
live off our public image like
well this is forgotten and I continue with my
job and even not because you're
living off your public image at the
moment the youtuber already has a stain
on his history made at the brand level and
things like that quite a
lot and he loses a lot of jobs but
on the other hand I don't see anything wrong with these
things coming to light because if someone
has done something wrong then first of all they must
pay for their actions they must be held
responsible and this also puts
other potential victims on notice it
may lead to others coming out who have
been silent out of fear or
whatever and we discover that this guy
actually hasn't had a mistake
but that he's a [ __ ] pig
important together with what I want him to
stay and from this video that I just were
faithful youtuber wants to flirt flirt and
[ __ ] all you want
take advantage of fame but please
as long as he doesn't have a partner and as long as
the girls are of legal age
second he shrank or is a girl has nothing to
have never send sexual photos
with anyone it may weigh on you a lot at some
point in your life  and something that you
can regret a lot and period
number three and this also goes for
youtube in this case of gamer when you
have such a big mistake apologize
to people always everyone has the
right to explain themselves to us to give them a
second chance but do not use your
power and the trust of the people to
justify yourself and
blame someone else and their
influence and use your mistake to set an
example and to teach certain
values ​​​​will go to kids this has been
the whole video for today a little more serious
than I would have liked I like to
deal with humor more I have
prepared this week some of the
most funny things some of you have already
seen on the secondary channel but
well to have your version to those who
are main and I think you are going to like it a
lot I am very happy with the
support that the videos are having
lately so from here
thank you very much to everyone
remember to follow me on all
social networks Instagram on the
Facebook page or twitter I don't have it right now
and I think I will have it again and well
see you the next video
approached